docs: add guidelines for widget and common tests (#5674)
algolia/instantsearch: tests/common/README.md

# Common test suites

> To ensure InstantSearch widgets behave similarly in JavaScript, React and Vue, we needed framework agnostic tests suites to assert behaviors that needs to be consistent across flavors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure InstantSearch widgets behave similarly in JavaScript, React and Vue, we have introduced framework agnostic tests suites to assert behaviors that needs to be consistent across flavors.
```

or 

```suggestion
To ensure InstantSearch widgets behave similarly in JavaScript, React and Vue, we need framework agnostic tests suites to assert behaviors that needs to be consistent across flavors.
```
